Lot 29: Network support services Network architectBITMARCK is a provider of solutions and services in the field of network solutions (infrastructure and security) in the German healthcare sector. This includes both remote dial-in solutions and classic solutions in data center operations such as firewalls, routing/switching, load balancing, and web application firewalls (WAF). Products from providers such as Palo Alto, Cisco, and F5 are used for this purpose.Complete service description: In the area of network services, the client requires support for various services that must be provided by the contractor. Specifically, the contractor must provide the following services. The focus of the required services is on operation and project support.* The following services are required as part of operational and project support:o Network architect* Creation of network architectures based on the client's requirements* Analysis and improvement of existing architectures* Documentation and handover to the persons involved.* Communication and coordination with the persons involved.The sample assignment includes the following specifications:Specific project description:* Support services in connection with the creation and analysis of network architectures. Your task is to create a network architecture based on components from the manufacturers Cisco, F5, and Palo Alto. The current architecture should be taken into account. When creating the solution, a greenfield approach should be considered and a possible migration plan should be drawn up, including a risk analysis.Questions that the bidder must answer in connection with the sample assignment: 1. Which methods and development tools would you use for the above example task and why?2. Outline the solution and the necessary steps and components you would use for the above example task. 3. How do you document the architectures you have created? What would you document, how, and where (from inline comments to object comments to external documentation)?4. Outline an approach for possible automation.IMPORTANT: ¥ All explanations should be short and clear as much as possible (cca 1/2 pg per question) ¥ Wherever possible include concrete example from your CV/experience. (mark as EXPERIENCE)¥ Certificates or some general info we can take from CVs (I can do it at the end). ¥ Important is to have good technical explanation (if possible, without GPT support Ð or not visible support - as EU is now using software to check every received solution and compare with GPT answers). 