Lot 30: Network support services Network automationBITMARCK is a provider of solutions and services in the field of network solutions (infrastructure and security) in the German healthcare sector. This includes both remote dial-in solutions and classic solutions in data center operations such as firewalls, routing/switching, load balancing, and web application firewalls (WAF). Products from providers such as Palo Alto, Cisco, and F5 are used for this purpose. Complete service descriptionIn the area of network services, the client requires support for various services that must be provided by the contractor. Specifically, the contractor must provide the following services. The focus of the required services is on operational and project support.The following services are required as part of operational and project support:¥ Network automation¥ Analysis of existing infrastructures¥ Development of proposals for the automation of individual components¥ Configuration of automation tools¥ Improvement of existing automation¥ Documentation and handover to involved parties.¥ Communication and coordination with the persons involved.Specific project description:Support services related to the automation of network components. Your task is to create an overview of the network components used. Furthermore, this overview should be used to develop and implement a concept for the automation of network processes (also in conjunction with platform services).Questions that the bidder must answer in connection with the sample assignment: 1 Which methods and development tools would you use for the above sample assignment and why?2 Outline the solution and the necessary steps and components that you would use for the above sample assignment. 3 How do you document the results? What would you document, how, and where (from inline comments to object comments to external documentation)?4 Outline an approach for how you would implement the tests for the above scenario.5 How would you perform load tests for processing?IMPORTANT: ¥ All explanations should be short and clear as much as possible (cca 1/2 pg per question) ¥ Wherever possible include concrete example from your CV/experience. (mark as EXPERIENCE)¥ Certificates or some general info we can take from CVs (I can do it at the end). ¥ Important is to have good technical explanation (if possible, without GPT  Chat support Ð or not visible support - as EU is now using software to check every received solution and compare with GPT answers). 