LOS 28 Network support services Cisco network componentsBITMARCK is a provider of solutions and services in the field of network solutions (infrastructure and security) in the German healthcare sector. This includes both remote dial-in solutions and classic solutions in data center operations such as firewalls, routing/switching, load balancing, and web application firewalls (WAF). Products from providers such as Palo Alto, Cisco, and F5 are used for this purpose.Complete service descriptionIn the area of network services, the client requires support for various services that must be provided by the contractor. Specifically, the contractor must provide the following services. The focus of the required services is on operational and project support.The following services are required as part of operational and project support:¥ Configuration of Cisco network components* ACI* Nexus¥ Implementation based on automatic deployments (infrastructure as code)¥ Documentation and handover to the persons involved.¥ Communication and coordination with the persons involvedSpecific project description:Support services in connection with the configuration of Cisco systems. Your task is to provide support in the configuration of a Cisco ACI system. This involves network-side micro-segmentation according to the client's specifications.Questions that the bidder must answer in connection with the sample assignment: 1. What Cisco certifications do the employees who are eligible for this work have? 2. Outline the solution and the necessary steps and components that you would use for the above sample assignment. 3. How do you document the configurations you have created? What would you document, how, and where?4. Outline an approach for how you would implement the tests for the above scenario, including possible automation.?IMPORTANT: ¥ All explanations should be short and clear as much as possible (cca 1/2 pg per question) ¥ Wherever possible include concrete example from your CV/experience.¥ Certificates or some general info we can take from CVs (I can do it at the end). ¥ Important is to have a good technical explanation (if possible, without GPT  Chat support Ð or not visible - as EU is now using software to check every received solution and compare with GPT answers). 