Lot 32: Palo Alto network support servicesBITMARCK is a provider of network solutions (infrastructure and security) for the German healthcare sector. This includes both remote access solutions and traditional data center solutions such as firewalls, routing/switching, load balancing, and web application firewalls (WAF). Products from providers such as Palo Alto, Cisco, and F5 are used for this purpose.Complete service descriptionIn the area of network services, the client requires support for various services that must be provided by the contractor. Specifically, the contractor must provide the following services. The focus of the required services is on operational and project support.The following services are required as part of operational and project support:¥ Configuration of Palo Alto* Firewalls (PA Series)* Prisma Access* Panorama¥ Implementation based on automatic deployments (infrastructure as code)¥ Documentation and handover to the persons involved.¥ Communication and coordination with the persons involved.Specific project description:Support services related to the configuration of Palo Alto systems. Your task is to configure Palo Alto Prisma Access and Palo Alto firewalls using Panorama. This involves creating firewall groups and firewall rules based on the client's specifications. Creation orders are made available via a process in Jira and a ticket tool. Regular consultations with data protection and CDC will take place.Questions that the bidder must answer in connection with the sample assignment: 1. What certifications do the employees who will be assigned to this task have ?2. Outline the solution and the necessary steps and components. you would use for the above sample assignment. a. How do you document the results? What would you document, how, and where(from inline comments to object comments to external documentation)?3. Outline an approach for how you would check the tests for appropriately configured activations.4. How would you perform load tests for processing?IMPORTANT: ¥ All explanations should be short and clear as much as possible (cca 1/2 pg per question) ¥ Wherever possible include concrete example from your CV/experience. (mark as EXPERIENCE)¥ Certificates or some general info we can take from CVs (I can do it at the end). ¥ Important is to have good technical explanation (if possible, without GPT  hat support Ð or not visible support - as EU is now using software to check every received solution and compare with GPT answers). 